add blurb about translating the dev wiki (#117)
QuiltMC/developer-wiki: wiki/landing-page/en.md

Check the sidebar to see what articles are currently available!

If you are looking to contribute, [this is a great place to start as it lists missing and partially completed wiki articles](https://github.com/QuiltMC/developer-wiki/issues/69).

> If you are looking to translate the wiki to your native language, open a translation PR on the [wiki's GitHUb repo](https://github.com/QuiltMC/developer-wiki/compare).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking to translate the wiki to another language, open a translation PR on the [wiki's GitHub repo](https://github.com/QuiltMC/developer-wiki/). There isn't yet documentation on translating, but you can reference pages such as [the getting started page](https://github.com/QuiltMC/developer-wiki/tree/main/wiki/introduction/getting-started) that are already translated to multiple languages.
```
